content/about.md, before:

---
title: "About me"
layout: "about"
url: "/about"
summary: "about"
description: "Maxim Gorbatyuk blogging about web development, dotnet and frontend programming, and life."
disableShare: true
---

I am a software .NET developer. Mostly doing web development. 

I try to understand the business domain and purposes of a project where I work. It helps me to understand better the essence of the product and continuously improve it.

I pay much attention on code quality and building reliable software solutions. Also, I like to share my knowledge and enjoy playing a mentor role.

## My own projects

- [Tech.Interviewer](https://techinterview.space) - a platform for technical interviewers who want to keep their notes and share them as pdf with recruiters and candidates.
- [Kazakhstan IT salaries](https://techinterview.space/salaries) - service for collecting and analyzing IT salaries in Kazakhstan. Helps people to understand the market and make better salary decisions.
- [Individual Entrepreneur in Kazakhstan](https://maximgorbatyuk.notion.site/Business-staff-e7e9dbadcbf54030b3b92105d96cd98d?pvs=4) about KB - a knowledge base about Individual Entrepreneur (ru: "ИП") in Kazakhstan. Helps people to understand the process of registration and running IE.

## I can help you with ...

- .NET
- Angular 2+
- Clean code
- Elasticsearch
- SQL
- GitFlow
- Docker
- Setting up CI/CD

## Where you can find me

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxim-gorbatyuk-240801bb/)
- [Telegram channel](https://t.me/mgorbatyuk_dev)
- [Boosty](https://boosty.to/ake111aa)
- [Getmentor.dev profile](https://getmentor.dev/mentor/maxim-gorbatyuk-437)
- [Solvery.io profile](https://solvery.io/ru/mentor/maximgorbatyuk)
- [Medium.com](https://maximgorbatyuk.medium.com)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/maximgorbatyuk)
- [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/m.gorbatyuk)

## My CV

Here you will find my CV, if you need it

[View CV](/pdf/Maxim_gorbatyuk_CV.pdf)

Commit message:

Adjusted footer, added sitemap template

content/about.md, after:

---
title: "About me"
layout: "about"
url: "/about"
summary: "about"
description: "Maxim Gorbatyuk blogging about web development, dotnet and frontend programming, and life."
disableShare: true
---

Here you will find my CV, if you need it

[View CV](/pdf/Maxim_gorbatyuk_CV.pdf)

I am a software engineer. I am doing web development using .net and angular/recat mostly.

I try to understand the business domain and purposes of a project where I work. It helps me to understand better the essence of the product and continuously improve it.

I pay lot of attention on code quality and building reliable software solutions. In addition, I love sharing my knowledge and enjoy playing a mentor role.

## My own projects

- [Tech.Interviewer](https://techinterview.space?source=mgorbatyuk.dev) - a platform for collecting and analyzing IT salaries in Kazakhstan. Helps people to understand the market and make better salary decisions. In 2025, a section for company reviews was added.
- [EV Charge Tracker](https://mgorbatyuk.dev/ev-charging-tracker/?source=mgorbatyuk.dev) - iOS app for tracking EV (Electric Vehicle) charging and other type of expenses costs. Built with SwiftUI and Swift using Claude.
- [Individual Entrepreneur in Kazakhstan](https://maximgorbatyuk.notion.site/ip-kazakhstan-tutorial?source=mgorbatyuk.dev?source=mgorbatyuk.dev) - a knowledge base about Individual Entrepreneur (ru: "ИП") in Kazakhstan. It helps people to understand the process of registration and running IE.

## I can help you with ...

- .NET
- Angular 2+
- Clean code and architectue
- Building microservice architecture
- AWS

## Where you can find me

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxim-gorbatyuk-240801bb/)
- [Telegram dev channel](https://t.me/mgorbatyuk_dev)
- [Boosty](https://boosty.to/ake111aa)
- [Getmentor.dev profile](https://getmentor.dev/mentor/maxim-gorbatyuk-437)
- [Solvery.io profile](https://solvery.io/ru/mentor/maximgorbatyuk)
- [Medium.com](https://maximgorbatyuk.medium.com)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/maximgorbatyuk)
